base_search_mail_content/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

========================
Mail message name search
========================

This module adds the capability to search for mail messages by subject or
body of the message. This will be useful in models that make intense use of
messages, like project issues or helpdesk tickets.

This module will add dynamically the message_ids to the search view of 
any model that inherits from the mail.thread and will incorporate the
capability to search for content in the mail messages.


Installation
============

This module depends on the module 'base_search_fuzzy' to ensure that
searches on emails are based on indexes. Please read carefully the install
instructions https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/blob/9.0/base_search_fuzzy/README.rst

This module installs by default the indexes that are required to
perform the searches on mail messages.


Configuration
=============

No configuration is needed.

Usage
=====

A project issue or helpdesk ticket can contain tens of mails associated,
based on the conversations that the person responsible for the ticket
maintains with the person that raised the issue. One need to search
in mail messages, as much as he/she needs to search in their mail for
past conversations. So this module will be useful for the user to search
messages by subject or body.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/server-tools/9.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/social/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@eficent.com>
* Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. <support@serpentcs.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] search by email_from and reply_to Introduce search of html fields Create indexes Update Readme

base_search_mail_content/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

========================
Base Search Mail Content
========================

This module adds the capability to find any object (e.g. project issues or
helpdesk ticket) based on the conversation threads associated to them.

This will be useful in models that make intense use of messages,
like project issues or helpdesk tickets.

A project issue or helpdesk ticket can contain tens of mails or notes
associated, based on the feedback that the person responsible for the ticket
maintains, including conversations with the person that raised the issue.

A user may often want to find issues or tickets, based on the past
conversations that were recorded, as much as he/she needs to search
in their mail for past conversations.

This module will add dynamically a field 'message_content' to the search view of
any model that inherits from the mail.thread.

The current search capabilities include searching into the subject, body,
email from, reply to and record name.

Installation
============

This module depends on the module 'base_search_fuzzy' to ensure that
searches on emails are based on indexes. Please read carefully the install
instructions:
https://github.com/OCA/server-tools/blob/9.0/base_search_fuzzy/README.rst

This module installs by default the indexes that are required to
perform the searches on mail messages.

Usage
=====

Go to any model that contains a chatter (e.g. Partners, Leads, ...). Search
for content in field 'Message Content'.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/server-tools/9.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/social/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Images
------

* Odoo Community Association: `Icon <https://github.com/OCA/maintainer-tools/blob/master/template/module/static/description/icon.svg>`_.

Contributors
------------

* Jordi Ballester Alomar <jordi.ballester@eficent.com>
* Serpent Consulting Services Pvt. Ltd. <support@serpentcs.com>
* Lois Rilo Antelo <lois.rilo@eficent.com>
* Aaron Henriquez <ahenriquez@eficent.com>


Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.
