mail_debrand/README.rst, before:

============
Mail Debrand
============

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:4c3032117d1847d25ae4d7449b3ff843fefdd3542d012d59beee70cd64c675d3
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsocial-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/social/tree/17.0/mail_debrand
    :alt: OCA/social
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/social-17-0/social-17-0-mail_debrand
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/social&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module modifies the functionality of emails to remove the Odoo
branding, specifically the 'Powered by Odoo'

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

-  Install it.
-  Send an email.
-  Nobody will know it comes from Odoo.

Changelog
=========

15.0.1.2.3 (2022-07-19)
-----------------------

-  [FIX] https://github.com/OCA/social/issues/915
-  [FIX] https://github.com/OCA/social/issues/936

12.0.1.0.0 (2018-11-06)
-----------------------

-  [NEW] Initial V12 version. Complete rewrite from v11.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/social/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/social/issues/new?body=module:%20mail_debrand%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Tecnativa
* ForgeFlow
* Onestein
* Sodexis
* Nexterp Romania

Contributors
------------

-  Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
-  Graeme Gellatly <graeme@o4sb.com>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Pedro M. Baeza
   -  João Marques

* Stefan Rijnhart <stefan@opener.amsterdam>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-pedrobaeza| image:: https://github.com/pedrobaeza.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/pedrobaeza
    :alt: pedrobaeza
.. |maintainer-joao-p-marques| image:: https://github.com/joao-p-marques.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/joao-p-marques
    :alt: joao-p-marques

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-pedrobaeza| |maintainer-joao-p-marques| 

This module is part of the `OCA/social <https://github.com/OCA/social/tree/17.0/mail_debrand>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[FIX] mail_debrand: don't remove actual content from auth_signup email templates
such as auth_signup's invitation email.

mail_debrand/README.rst, after:

============
Mail Debrand
============

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:4c3032117d1847d25ae4d7449b3ff843fefdd3542d012d59beee70cd64c675d3
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Production%2FStable-green.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Production/Stable
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fsocial-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/social/tree/17.0/mail_debrand
    :alt: OCA/social
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/social-17-0/social-17-0-mail_debrand
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/social&target_branch=17.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module modifies the functionality of emails to remove the Odoo
branding, specifically the 'Powered by Odoo'

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

-  Install it.
-  Send an email.
-  Nobody will know it comes from Odoo.

Known issues / Roadmap
======================

Known issues:

* Not all branding is removed from auth_signup's invitation email because it is a
  longer, more complex snippet of HTML. Only the line containing the link to Odoo.com
  is removed.

Changelog
=========

15.0.1.2.3 (2022-07-19)
-----------------------

-  [FIX] https://github.com/OCA/social/issues/915
-  [FIX] https://github.com/OCA/social/issues/936

12.0.1.0.0 (2018-11-06)
-----------------------

-  [NEW] Initial V12 version. Complete rewrite from v11.

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/social/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/social/issues/new?body=module:%20mail_debrand%0Aversion:%2017.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Tecnativa
* ForgeFlow
* Onestein
* Sodexis
* Nexterp Romania

Contributors
------------

-  Lois Rilo <lois.rilo@forgeflow.com>
-  Graeme Gellatly <graeme@o4sb.com>
-  `Tecnativa <https://www.tecnativa.com>`__:

   -  Pedro M. Baeza
   -  João Marques

* Stefan Rijnhart <stefan@opener.amsterdam>

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-pedrobaeza| image:: https://github.com/pedrobaeza.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/pedrobaeza
    :alt: pedrobaeza
.. |maintainer-joao-p-marques| image:: https://github.com/joao-p-marques.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/joao-p-marques
    :alt: joao-p-marques

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-pedrobaeza| |maintainer-joao-p-marques| 

This module is part of the `OCA/social <https://github.com/OCA/social/tree/17.0/mail_debrand>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
